## Heretic's Guide to the Galaxy (Foundry SW5e System Conversion)

**Source Author:** "Heretic"

**Module Author:** "Professor Bunbury"

**Version:** 0.1.0 (initial release)

**Date:** 2/24/2021

**Module Dependencies:**

1. Foundry VTT:

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;A. Compatible Core Version: 0.7.9

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;B. Minimum Core Version: 0.7.7

2. SW5e for Foundry VTT (v.R1-A3 or later): https://github.com/unrealkakeman89/sw5e

3. DnD5e for Foundry VTT (v1.2.4 or later): https://foundryvtt.com/packages/dnd5e/

4. Dynamic Active Effects (DAE) (v.0.2.46 or later): https://foundryvtt.com/packages/dae/

5. The Furnace (v.2.6.0 or later): https://foundryvtt.com/packages/furnace/

6. libWrapper (v.1.3.5.0 or later): https://foundryvtt.com/packages/lib-wrapper/

**DISCLAIMER:**

This module, designed for use with an unofficial implementation of the SW5e
system for Foundry Virtual Tabletop, is made by a fan for fans and is not
associated with SW5e, Disney, Wizards of the Coast, or their partners in any
way.

This module for the SW5e RPG system for Foundry Virtual Tabletop expands the
official SW5e species roster and provides associated artwork.

The software component of the SW5e Foundry VTT system is distributed under the
GNUv3 license.

**INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS:**

1. Unpack the contents of this zip archive.

2. Place the folder named "hgttg" in the "Data\\modules" folder of your Foundry
VTT data folder, e.g.,
"C:\\Users\\[YOURUSERNAME]\\AppData\\Local\\FoundryVTT\\Data\\modules\\"

**USAGE:**

1. In Foundry VTT, launch your SW5e game world.

2. Click on the "Game Settings" gear, typically located in the top right corner
of the application window.

3. Click on the "Manage Modules" button under "Game Settings."

4. In the "Module Management" window, check the box next to "Heretic's Guide to
the Galaxy."

5. Click on "Save Module Settings" at the bottom of the "Module Management"
window.

6. Find the "Heretic's Guide to the Galaxy" compendium in your list of
compendia.

7. Choose your desired species and drag and drop it onto your desired character
sheet.

8. Turn to the person on your left and, with a serious look, utter the phrase,
"This is the way."

**CREDITS AND THANKS:**

Artwork used in this Foundry VTT module appears on Wookieepedia, the Star
Wars Wiki, available at <https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Main_Page>

"Professor Bunbury" would like to extend profuse thanks to "Heresy,"
xenobiologist extraordinaire, whose hard work, research, and dedication have
expanded the species available to players of SW5e dramatically. The material
contained within "Heretic's Guide to the Galaxy"
(https://www.gmbinder.com/share/-M815p5BfQ0wbdKY7zqN) complements the work of
the SW5e team and achieves that sense of brilliant diversity and fascinating
weirdness first introduced to the inhabitants of Earth in a dimly lit cantina
back in the year 1977.

"Professor Bunbury" would also like to thank the SW5e RPG team for expertly
adapting a fantastic RPG to this endlessly captivating source material.

"Professor Bunbury" would also like to thank Tim Posney for his tireless efforts
to provide support for the SW5e for Foundry system via his invaluable module,
Dynamic Active Effects.

"Professor Bunbury" would also like to thank "toddmoonbounce" and the "Dungeon
Jedi Masters" podcast crew for supporting the SW5e for Foundry project.

Finally, "Professor Bunbury" would also like to give embarrassingly inadequate
thanks to the SW5e for Foundry project's Development Team for believing in a
tedious old fool and his ability to learn new tricks (eventually) (in
alphabetical order):

"Cyr," "Ellimist," "Exile of Broken Sky," "Jawa," "Kakeman89," "Naate,"
"SuperVJ," "TheSirLancelot," "Whtwlf," "Woosti," and any relevant individuals
accidentally omitted from this list.

***"I have spoken."***
